feat: data from central bucket (#682)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

**Features**

> * Add ``tyndp-archive`` as a new data source backed by an Open-TYNDP Google Cloud Storage bucket (``open-tyndp-data-store``) where archived datasets are mirrored. enabling fully reproducible runs without depending on third-party data providers (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/682).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add ``tyndp-archive`` as a new data source backed by an Open-TYNDP Google Cloud Storage bucket (``open-tyndp-data-store``) where archived datasets are mirrored. This enables fully reproducible runs without depending on third-party data providers (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/682).
```

> * Add ``tyndp-archive`` as a new data source backed by an Open-TYNDP Google Cloud Storage bucket (``open-tyndp-data-store``) where archived datasets are mirrored. This enables fully reproducible runs without depending on third-party data providers (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/682).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add ``tyndp-archive`` as a new data source backed by an Open-TYNDP Google Cloud Storage bucket (``open-tyndp-data-store``) where archived datasets are mirrored. This enables fully reproducible runs without depending on third-party data providers (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/682). For licensing issues six datasets currently remain to be retrieved from the primary source.
```
